Create Solana's System Instruction library and 'solana-library' folder (#996)
hyperledger/solang: docs/targets/solana.rst

        }
    }

Solana Library
______________

In Solang's Github repository, there is a directory called ``solana-library``. It contains libraries for Solidity contracts
to interact with Solana specific instructions. Currently, there are two libraries there: one for SPL tokens and another
for Solana's system instructions. In order to use those functionalities, copy the correspondent library

> file to your project folder and import it.

Reviewer: in consistent usage of folder/directory. I would suggest removing folder
```suggestion
file to your project and import it.
```

> In Solang's Github repository, there is a folder called ``solana-library``. It contains libraries for Solidity contracts
> to interact with Solana specific instructions. Currently, there are two libraries there. One for SPL tokens and another
> for Solana's system instructions. In order to use those functionalities, one must copy the correspondent library
> file to one's project folder and import the library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Solang's Github repository, there is a directory called ``solana-library``. It contains libraries for Solidity contracts
to interact with Solana specific instructions. Currently, there are two libraries there: one for SPL tokens and another
for Solana's system instructions. In order to use those functionalities, copy the correspondent 
file to one's project and import it.
```

Author: `copy the correspondent file to one's project`. The usage of articles must maintain parallelism. If I use `one must`, the possessive must be `one's`. If I use the imperative form `copy`, the possessive pronoun must be `your`. Do you have any preference over one form?

SPL-token
+++++++++

`spl-token <https://spl.solana.com/token>`_ is the Solana native way of creating tokens, minting, burning and
transferring token. This is the Solana equivalent of
`ERC-20 <https://ethereum.org/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/>`_ and

> `ERC-721 <https://ethereum.org/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/>`_. We have created a library ``SplToken`` to use

Reviewer: `We have created` is unnecessary for documentation. We have created all solang, after all.
